You ask
Master asked you not to say that
If you don't know what to say, I'll say it first
Then you say it first. First of all, I want to say sorry to you.
I'm sorry for taking away the life that should have belonged to you
But it's out of your control at all
I can't pay what I owe you before
I will never take your place again
I'll give you a shroud
Do you still play the game?
No more fighting.
I just found out the identity of the daughter who was pushed to the whole network.
I'm nothing. Don't say that
You are my most valuable opponent
But we ask a lot of prices every day
Marriage is more important than talent, for that matter
I think you are worse than me at all
Okay, stop talking
I've decided. Really?
What to do anyway
I hope you can attend the UFC on April 14th.
Fighting Championship Finals
We are destined opponents
This golden belt must be born among us
Although I am an opponent
But we can also be good friends
No matter what the matter says
I hope you can participate in this competition
But
I don't want to see my mom disappointed.
Mom has never been disappointed in you.
She's just worried about you.
I'm here this time
I also came here for my mother to persuade you to go back
Let's go back together and be mom's daughter
Isn't that nice?
Do you really think so?
Really, I really think so.
Come back with me to prepare for the game
I decided to go somewhere.
I'll get it for you after I go.
Then I'll go with you.